---
layout: default
img: wall_big.png
category: About Me
title: Who am I?
description: |
---
Hi! My name is Fifi, I am a third year Materials Engineer and I am running for DPFS. This role requires experience, dedication and trust between the sabbatical officers and you, the students. With 3 years of bar experience, including a year as a manager at Beit Bars, I have valuable knowledge in union finances, events and services at Union outlets, and an unwavering dedication to the student experience. I know what works, what the students want, and how to deliver it. And so! My promise to you:

- Bars: Lobby against changes to food and drink policies at Union food outlets, including returning evening food service to h-bar and improving staff benefits. Improve sustainability by reducing food and plastic waste. Introduce new club nights with a range of drinks deals.
- Sustainability: Run a Go Green campaign, including lobbying the college to increase their dependency on green energy sources, significantly reduce unethical investments, and reduce plastic waste across college
- Food and Drink: Yoyo points and loyalty schemes for purchases at all bars/catering outlets. Introduce a better variety of options across all food outlets, with regards to healthy food as well as various dietary requirements.
- Opportunities and Training: Improve first aid and mental first aid training across college. More student consultation and involvement in decisions that affect YOU. Create a representative student board that enables better transparency and involvement in said decisions.
